Title: No More Than Four Lines

First A. Author, First Affiliation, City, (State), Postal Code, Country

Second Author, Jr., Second Affiliation, City, (State), Postal Code,
Country

Third Author, III, Third Affiliation, City, (State), Postal Code,
Country

***Abstract*---*Abstract text goes here. To find your publication's
abstract word count limit, navigate to your magazine's homepage from
[www.computer.org/csdl/magazines](https://www.computer.org/csdl/magazines)
and click Write for Us \>Author Information. An abstract is a single
paragraph that summarizes the significant aspects of the manuscript.
Often it indicates whether the manuscript is a report of new work, a
review or overview, or a combination thereof. Do not cite references in
the abstract. Papers must not have been published previously and must be
targeted toward the general technical reader. Papers submitted for peer
review (not departments or columns) may fit into the theme of an open
Call for Papers or be submitted as a "Regular" paper. Some Computer
Society (CS) magazines provide early access to full manuscript
submissions by posting a preprint of the article prior to its inclusion
in an issue. Preprint articles are considered published and may be cited
using their Digital Object Identifier (DOI). IEEE's Publishing
Operations team will provide editorial and production services
throughout the publication process.***

![](media/image1.png){width="0.34305555555555556in"
height="0.40625in"}he introduction should provide background information
(including relevant references) and should indicate the purpose of the
manuscript. Cite relevant work by others, including research outside
your company or institution. Place your work in perspective by referring
to other research papers.[^1]

This document is a template for file type docx. If you are reading a
paper or PDF version of this document, please download the electronic
document file, CsMag_template.docx, from the IEEE Template Selector at
[template-selector.ieee.org](https://template-selector.ieee.org/) so you
can use it to prepare your manuscript. Articles that are math heavy are
encouraged to use the LaTeX version of the template.

In the header at the top of page 1, please indicate whether your article
is a Theme Article, Feature Article, or Department submission. If it is
a Theme Article, include the special issue title as the description. If
it is a Feature Article, please provide a 3-4 word phrase reflecting the
topic of the article. If it is a Department submission, please name the
department.

# COPYRIGHT AND OPEN ACCESS

Upon acceptance, all CS magazine corresponding authors must complete
IEEE's Electronic Copyright Form, which will be prompted at the start of
the production process. Further details about IEEE's copyright policies
are available at
[www.ieee.org/publications/rights/index.html](http://www.ieee.org/publications/rights/index.html).

CS magazines now offer an open access model for full-length research
articles (departments are not eligible for open access). At the time of
submission to the ScholarOne peer review portal, authors will have the
option to indicate that they will pay for open access. Should the
article be accepted, authors will receive information on how to proceed
with payment and licensing. More information on the hybrid open access
program for magazines can be found at
[open.ieee.org/index.php/about-ieee-open-access/faqs](https://open.ieee.org/index.php/about-ieee-open-access/faqs).

# FONTS

This template utilizes Helvetica-Light and Cheltenham-Book.

# SECTIONS

Sections following the introduction should present results and findings.
To find your publication's word count requirements and limits, navigate
to your magazine's home page from
[www.computer.org/csdl/magazines](https://www.computer.org/csdl/magazines),
then click Write for Us \>Author Information. The manuscript should be
written so that each sentence, equation, figure, and table flow smoothly
and logically. Relevant work by others, as well as relevant products
from other companies, should be adequately and accurately cited (see the
Reference Style section below). Sufficient support should be provided
(or cited) for the assertions made and conclusions drawn.

Headings are unnumbered with no ending punc-tuation.

# MAGAZINE STYLE

Use American English when writing the paper. The serial comma should be
used ("a, b, and c" not "a, b and c"), and periods and commas appear
within quotation marks, like "this period." Other punctuation is placed
"outside"! Avoid the use of technical jargon, and vague or informal
English. Generic technical terms should instead be used, as magazine
articles are meant to be understandable by a broad readership.

## Acronyms and Abbreviations

All acronyms should be defined at first mention in the abstract and in
the main text. Define in figures and tables only if not defined in the
discussion of the figure/table. Acronyms consist of capital letters
(except where salted with lowercase), but the terms they represent need
not be given initial caps unless a proper name is involved \["central
processing unit" (CPU) but "Fourier transform" (FT)\]. Use of "e.g." and
"i.e." is okay in parenthetical statements, but avoid using "etc."

Abbreviate units of time (s, min, hr, mo, yr) only in virgule
constructions (10 Âµg/hr) and in artwork; otherwise, spell out (e.g., 3
months, 25 minutes). Units of measure (such as Kb, MB, kWh) should
always be abbreviated when used with a numeral; if used alone, spell out
("16 MB of RAM" but "these values are measured in micrometers").

## Numbers

Spell out numerals up to ten that have no unit of measure or time (one,
two,... ten), but always use numerals with units of time and measure.
Some examples are as follows: 11 through 999; 1,000; 10,000; twentieth
century; twofold, tenfold, 20-fold; 2 times; 0.2 cm; *p*=*.*001; 25%;
10% to 25%.

# MATH AND EQUATIONS

Use either the Microsoft Equation Editor or the MathType plugin, which
can be obtained from
https://store.wiris.com/en/products/mathtype/download. For help with
formatting and placing equations, refer to the IEEE Editing Math Guide
available at
http://journals.ieeeauthorcenter.ieee.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/7/Editing-Mathematics.pdf
and the IEEE MathType Tutorial for Microsoft Word Users at
http://journals.ieeeauthorcenter.ieee.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/7/IEEE-Math-Typesetting-Guide-for-MS-Word-Users.pdf.

Scalar *variables* and *physical constants* should be italicized, and a
bold (non-italic) font should be used for **vectors** and **matrices**.
Do not italicize subscripts unless they are variables.

Equations should be either display (with a number in parentheses) or
inline.

If a display equation cannot be centered, the first line can be made
flush left to the column to allow more room for the following lines of
the equation.

Be sure the symbols in the equation have been defined before the
equation appears or immediately following. Please refer to "Equation
(1)," not "Eq. (1)" or "equation (1)."

Punctuate display equations when they are part of the sentence preceding
it, as in

$\ \ \ A = \pi r^{2}$ (1)

If the text following the equation flows logically as a part of the
display equation, such as

$\ \ a^{2} + b^{2} = c^{2}$, (2)

treat the display equation as you would inline text, using punctuation
after the equation as necessary.

# LISTS

If you use a list, keep it short:

-   *Style for bulleted lists*---This is the style that should be used
    > for bulleted lists.

-   *Punctuation in lists*---Each item in the list should end with a
    > period, regardless of whether full sentences are used.

# FIGURES AND TABLES

## In-Text Callouts for Figures and Tables

Figures and tables must be cited in the running text in consecutive
order. Figure callouts should be Roman, not bold or italic, like this:
"see Figure 1." Figure 2 shows an example of a figure spanning two
columns.

Vertical lines are optional in tables. Footnotes should be indicated by
a, b, c, d, and so on, per the *Chicago Manual of Style* (see Table 1).
Statements that serve as captions for the entire table do not need
footnote letters.

Authors are responsible for obtaining permission to reprint previously
published figures or tables. Required permission information should be
included in the figure/table caption, for instance: "From
'\[Title\],'^1^ with permission," or "Adapted from '\[Title\],'^2^ with
permission." *Carefully* explain each figure in the text. To find your
publication's figure limit, if applicable, navigate to your magazine's
homepage from
[www.computer.org/csdl/magazines](https://www.computer.org/csdl/magazines)
and click Write for Us \> Author Information.

# REFERENCE STYLE

References must be cited in text. They appear as superscript outside the
punctuation, and are listed in the References section in the order that
they appear in text. Do not refer to the reference number or use "Ref."
or "reference" in text. Instead of writing "References^3--5^
show*\...*," construct the sentence independently of its reference
callout; for example, "The XYZ study shows...."^3--5^ Please do not use
automatic endnotes in Word; rather, type the reference list at the end
of the paper using the "References" style.

Reference numbers are set flush left and form a column of their own,
hanging out beyond the body of the reference. The reference numbers are
on the line and end with period. In all references, the given name of
the author or editor is abbreviated to the initial(s) only and precedes
the last name. Include all names; use *et al.* only if names are more
than six. Use commas around Jr., Sr., and III in names. Abbreviate
conference titles. When citing IEEE magazines or transactions, provide
the issue number, page range, volume number, year, and/or month if
available. When referencing a patent, provide the day and the month of
issue or application. Please obtain and include relevant reference
information. Do not combine references. There must be only one reference
with each number. If there is a URL included with the print reference,
it can be included at the end of the reference. When citing a preprint,
please include the Digital Object Identifier (DOI).

![](media/image2.png){width="2.4627165354330707in"
height="1.4166666666666667in"}

FIGURE 1. Note that "Figure" is spelled out. There is a period after the
figure number, followed by one space. Briefly explain the significance
of the figure in the caption (From \["Title"\],^1^ used with
permission.)

TABLE 1. Units for magnetic properties.

+---------+-------------------------------+---------------------------+
| Symbol  | Quantity                      | Conversion from           |
|         |                               |                           |
|         |                               | Gaussian and CGS EMU to   |
|         |                               | SIa                       |
+=========+===============================+===========================+
| Î¦       | Magnetic flux                 | 1 Mx *â*10^*â*8^Wb        |
+---------+-------------------------------+---------------------------+
| *B*     | Magnetic flux density,        | = 10^*â*8^V *Â·* s         |
|         | magnetic induction            |                           |
|         |                               | 1 G *â*10^*â*4^T          |
|         |                               |                           |
|         |                               | = 10^*â*4^Wb/m2           |
+---------+-------------------------------+---------------------------+
| *H*     | Magnetic field strength       | 1Oe*â*10^*â*3^*/*(4*Ï*)   |
|         |                               |                           |
|         |                               | A/m                       |
+---------+-------------------------------+---------------------------+
| *m*     | Magnetic moment               | 1 erg/G = 1 emu           |
+---------+-------------------------------+---------------------------+
|         |                               | *â*10^*â*3^A *Â·*          |
+---------+-------------------------------+---------------------------+
| *M*     | Magnetization                 | m2 = 10^*â*3^J/T          |
|         |                               |                           |
|         |                               | 1 erg/(G *Â·* cm3) = 1     |
+---------+-------------------------------+---------------------------+
|         |                               | emu/cm3 *â*10^*â*3^       |
+---------+-------------------------------+---------------------------+
|         |                               | A/m                       |
+---------+-------------------------------+---------------------------+
| 4*ÏM*   | Magnetization                 | 1G*â*10^*â*3^*/*(4*Ï*)    |
+---------+-------------------------------+---------------------------+
|         |                               | A/m                       |
+---------+-------------------------------+---------------------------+

aGaussian units are the same as cg emu for magnetostatics; Mx = maxwell,
G = gauss, Oe = oersted, Wb = weber, V = volt, s = second, T = tesla, m
= meter, A = ampere, J = joule, kg = kilogram, H = henry.

Other than books, capitalize only the first word in a paper title,
except for proper nouns and element symbols. For papers published in
translation journals, please give the English citation first, followed
by the original foreign-language citation. See the end of this document
for formats and examples of common references.

![](media/image3.emf){width="5.2331758530183725in" height="1.025in"}

FIGURE 2. Note that "Figure" is spelled out. There is a period after the
figure number, followed by one space. It is good practice to briefly
explain the significance of the figure in the caption. (From
\["Title"\],^2^ used with permission.).

# APPENDIX SECTION

Appendix is moved to supplementary material if it is not
discussed/referenced in the main text. If it is discussed in the text,
it is set as a sidebar.

# SUPPLEMENTARY MATERIAL

If supplementary material is provided in the article, then it is
deleted. A pointer to the supplemental material will be added to the
ï¬rst callout in the article and the phrase available online will be
added to all subsequent callouts.

**Examples:**

*First Callout:* See the Appendix, which is available in the IEEE
Computer Society Digital Library available at
http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/MCSE.2019.2947017.

For detailed algorithms, please refer to the supplementary materials,
which can be found in the Computer Society Digital Library available at
http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/MCSE. 2019.2947017.

*Second Callout:* More experimental results are presented in the
supplementary materials, available online, due to the space limitation.

# CONCLUSION

The manuscript should include future directions of the research. Authors
are strongly encouraged not to reference multiple figures or tables in
the conclusion; these should be referenced in the body of the paper.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

We thank A, B, and C. This work was supported in part by a grant from
XYZ.

The "Acknowledgments" (spelled with just two *e*'s, per American
English) section appears immediately after the conclusion and before the
reference list. Sponsor and financial support are included in the
acknowledgments section. For example: "This work was supported in part
by the U.S. Department of Commerce under Grant 123456." If support for a
speciï¬c author is given, then use the following example for correct
wording: "The work of A. Author was supported by the U.S. Department of
Commerce under Grant 123456". Researchers that contributed information
or assistance to the article should also be acknowledged in this
section, and expressions should be simple and expressed as "We
thank\...," rather than indicating which of the authors is doing the
thanking. Also, if corresponding authorship is noted in the paper, it
should be placed in the bio of the corresponding author.

REFERENCES (sample type noted in parens at THE end of each below)

1\. G. M. Amdahl, G. A. Blaauw, and F. P. Brooks, "Architecture of the
IBM System/360," *IBM J. Res. & Dev*., vol. 8, no. 2, pp. 87--101, 1964.
(Journal)

2\. IBM Corporation, IBM Knowledge Center - IBM Secure Service Container
(Secure Service Container). \[Online\].
Available:https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/HW11R/com.ibm.hwmca.kcse.doc/
introductiontotheconsole/wn2131zaci.html (URL)

3\. J. Williams, "Narrow-band analyzer," PhD dissertation, Dept. of
Electrical Eng., Harvard Univ., Cambridge, MA, USA: 1993. (Thesis or
dissertation)

4\. J. M. PÃ©rez, R. Berlanga, M. J. Aramburu, and T. B. Pedersen,
"Integrating data warehouses with web data: A survey," *IEEE Trans.
Knowl. Data Eng*., early access, Dec. 21, 2007,
doi:10.1109/TKDE.2007.190746. (Periodical in Early Access)

5\. W.-K. Chen, *Linear Networks and Systems*, Belmont, CA, USA:
Wadsworth, 1993, pp. 123--135. (Book)

6\. S. P. Bingulac, "On the compatibility of adaptive controllers,"
*Proc. Fourth Ann. Allerton Conf. Circuits Syst. Theory*, 1994, pp.
8--16. (Conference proceedings)

7\. K. Elissa, "An overview of decision theory," unpublished.
(Unpublished manuscript)

8\. R. Nicole, "The last word on decision theory," *J. Computer Vision*,
submitted for publication. (Pending publication)

9\. C. J. Smith and J. S. Smith, Rocky Mountain Research Laboratories,
Boulder, CO, USA, private communication, 1992. (Private communication)

**First A. Author** All biographies are limited to one paragraph,
following the structure given here: each author's current role and
institution; three to five current research interests; highest degree,
topic, and awarding institution; professional memberships, such as the
IEEE Computer Society; and contact information in the form of an email
address.

**Second Author, Jr.,** is a Researcher at the ABC Corporation,
BÃ¶blingen, Germany. Her current research interests include a, b, and c.
Author received the Ph.D. degree in physics from University. She is a
Fellow of the IEEE Computer Society. Contact her at
[sbauthor@abc.com.](mailto:sbauthor@abc.com)

**Third Author, III,** is a Program Officer at the DEF Corporation,
Tokyo, Japan. His research interests include p, q, and r. Author
received the Ph.D. degree in computer vision from University. He is a
member of the IEEE Computer Society. Contact him at
[tcauthor@def.com.](mailto:tcauthor@def.com)

[^1]: ^Â ^XXXX-XXXX Â© 2021

    Digital Object Identifier 10.1109/XXX.0000.000000
